[docs] Update README with destinations gtm (#558)
sequinstream/sequin: README.md

# Sequin

> ### Stream Postgres rows and changes to Kafka, SQS, HTTP endpoints, and more

Reviewer: I wonder if we should have CDC right here at the top:

"Postres CDC to streams and queues like Kafka, SQS, HTTP endpoints, and more

Reviewer: Or if we should lean hard into Debezium:

"A Debezium alternative without Kafka, Zookeeper, the JVM and endless config"

## What is Sequin?

> Sequin is a tool for change data capture (CDC) in Postgres. Sequin makes it easy to stream Postgres rows and changes to streaming platforms and queues (e.g. Kafka and SQS). You can backfill existing rows or stream new changes in real-time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sequin is a tool for change data capture (CDC) in Postgres. Sequin makes it easy to stream Postgres rows and changes to streaming platforms and queues (e.g. Kafka and SQS). You can backfill existing rows and stream new changes in real-time.
```

## What is Sequin?

Sequin is a tool for change data capture (CDC) in Postgres. Sequin makes it easy to stream Postgres rows and changes to streaming platforms and queues (e.g. Kafka and SQS). You can backfill existing rows or stream new changes in real-time.

> Sequin even has a built-in CDC interface (HTTP GET and webhooks), so you can get started without any other infrastructure.

Reviewer: Trying to decide if built-in CDC interface is the right phrase here. 

I think we're offering two thing (1) Postgres CDC (2) Stream / Queue destinations with one of those streams being a "Sequin Stream"

So in that framing this might be:
```suggestion
Sequin even has a built-in stream interface (HTTP GET and webhooks), so you can get started without any other infrastructure.
```

Sequin is open source/MIT. To help us make this project great, tell us what you're building in our [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/BV8wFXvNtY).

## Destinations

| Destination | Support | Description |
|-------------|---------|-------------|
| SQS | ✅ Real-time streaming<br />✅ Backfill existing rows | |
| Redis | ✅ Real-time streaming<br />✅ Backfill existing rows | `XADD` to Redis Streams |
| Webhook Subscription (Native) | ✅ Real-time streaming<br />✅ Backfill existing rows | Send changes to any HTTP endpoint |
| HTTP Pull (Native) | ✅ Real-time streaming<br />✅ Backfill existing rows | Consume changes directly from Sequin with exactly-once processing |
| Kafka | Coming soon | (Nov 2024) |
| NATS JetStream | Coming soon | (Nov 2024) |
| Azure EventHubs | Coming soon | (Nov 2024) |
| Google Pub/Sub | Coming soon | (Nov 2024) |
| Amazon SNS | Coming soon | (Nov 2024) |
| AWS Kinesis | Coming soon | (Dec 2024) |
| RabbitMQ | Coming soon | (Dec 2024) |
| RedPanda | Coming soon | (Dec 2024) |

## Killer features

- **Never miss a record or change:** Sequin ensures all database changes are delivered to destinations.

> - **SQL-based routing:** Filter and route messages to consumers using SQL `where` conditions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **SQL-based routing:** Filter and route messages to destinations using SQL `where` conditions.
```

- **Backfills:** Backfill existing rows from your tables to destinations.
- **Start anywhere:** Destinations can start receiving records from any point in a table.
- **Bring your database:** Sequin is not an extension. It works with any Postgres database version 12\+.

> - **No PL/pgSQL:** Define business logic in the language of your choice and in your application.

Reviewer: This feature may be confusing now that we're not focusing on triggers. Maybe we drop

- **Audit logging:** Track and record all changes made to data in your database for compliance or feature development.
- **Sync a table from one database to another:** Keep tables synchronized across different database instances in real-time.
- **Materializing another table in your database:** Create and maintain derived tables based on changes to source tables.
- **Maintaining a cache:** Keep caches up-to-date by streaming database changes.
- **Refreshing search indexes:** Keep search indexes fresh by streaming updates from your database.

## Getting started

See our [quickstart](https://sequinstream.com/docs/quickstart/setup).

Alternatively, you can try Sequin for free on [Sequin Cloud](https://console.sequinstream.com/register). Follow the instructions in the app to start streaming your data in a couple minutes.

## How Sequin works

![Sequin architecture](./docs/images/core/consumer-workflow-diagram.png)

Sequin connects to any Postgres database. To stream data, you'll create [Streams](https://sequinstream.com/docs/how-sequin-works#Streams) for each table you want to stream. Streams present a strictly ordered view of rows from one or more tables.

> Then, you can use this Stream to consume rows by streaming to destinations, like SQS or HTTP endpoints. As rows are inserted or updated, Sequin will redeliver them to consumers until acknowledged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, you'll connect your Streams to destinations, like SQS or HTTP endpoints. As rows are inserted or updated, Sequin will redeliver them until acknowledged.
```
